##Singly Linked Lists Day 1

Consider a row of gymnasts, all facing left so that all they can see is the gymnast immediately ahead in line. Now imagine that each of the gymnasts raises a right arm to put a right hand on the shoulder of the next gymnast in line. This mental picture is akin to a linked list. Many languages and systems use linked lists heavily, and they are frequently used in interview questions. Why are they so popular?

Linked lists provide a way to store a large amount of information without forcing the runtime to find a large contiguous chunk of memory (as arrays do). Indeed, a linked list of 1000 pieces of information could use 1000 small spaces in memory. Like an array, they keep information in a certain order. However, unlike arrays, you need not relocate everything in order to add a value to the middle! Linked lists introduce the *reference* concept – essentially, storing the location of the variable, instead of its value. This reference is ‘just another’ attribute in the node object that can be compared, set, etc.

Since we haven't yet talked about JavaScript's constructor functions and the keywords `this` and `new`, consider the following function:

```js
function NodeMaker (value) {
  // Take in a value and return an object containing (1) that value and (2) a next property that can point to other nodes that we create.
  return {
    value: value,
    next: null
  }
}

// To make an object:
var myObj = NodeMaker(16)

// To make another object:
var anotherObj = NodeMaker(22)

// To make myObj point to anotherObj, creating a linked list:
myObj.next = anotherObj
```

Now, say you're given a different object that looks like this:

```js
var myList = { head: null }
```

We're going to use this object to keep track of the head node in our list, like so:

```js
myList.head = myObj
```

Our singly-linked list now looks like this:

+ myList // `{ head: myObj }`
  + myObj // `{ value: 16, next: anotherObj }`
  + anotherObj // `{ value: 22, next: null }`

Here are your challenges:

###Add Front
Rudy isn’t as nice as other kids. Generally he just cuts in line, in front of everyone else. Given a pointer to the first `listNode` and a `value`, create a new node, assign it to the list head, and return a pointer to the new head node.

###Remove Front
Ha! Rudy is getting what he deserves – kicked out of line. Given a pointer to the first node in a list, remove the head node and return the new list head node. If list is empty, return `null`.

###Contains
Sam has lost track of his friend again. He thinks his bud Tad is somewhere in the very long line waiting to attend the latest Superman movie. Given a pointer to a `listNode` and a `val`, return whether val is found in any node within the list.
