##Strings and Associative Arrays Day 1

Strings are arrays of characters (more accurately, you can read individual characters the same way you read specific values in a numerical array, and these individual values are strings of length 1). However, you cannot write individual characters in a string in this same way. Once a string is defined, individual characters can be referenced by [ ] but not changed. Strings are immutable: they can be completely replaced in their entirety, but not changed piecewise. To manipulate string characters, you must split the string to an array, make individual changes, then join it.

Today's challenges:

###Remove blanks
Create a function that, given a string, returns a string without blanks. Given " play that Funky Music ", returns a string containing "playthatFunkyMusic".

###Get digits
Create a JavaScript function that, given a string, returns the integer made from the string’s digits. Given `"0s1a3y5w7h9a2t4?6!8?0"`, the function should return the **number** `1,357,924,680`

###Acronyms
Create a function that, given a string, returns the string’s acronym (first letters only, capitalized). Given `" there's no free lunch - gotta pay yer way. "`, return `"TNFL-GPYW"`. Given `"Live from New York, it's Saturday Night!"`, return `"LFNYISN"`.

###Integer to Roman Numerals
Given a positive integer that is less than 4000, return a string containing that value in Roman numeral representation. In this representation:
+ I = 1
+ V = 5
+ X = 10
+ L = 50
+ C = 100
+ D = 500
+ M = 1000.

Remember that 4 is IV, 349 is CCCIL and 444 is CDXLIV.
