##Singly Linked Lists Part II Day 1

[Link to constructor functions](constructors.md)

###Runners and Linked List Iterators
By now you know well how to iterate through the values of an array. You set up your `for` loop with an
`idx` variable that starts at `0` and advances by 1 until `idx` equals `array.length`. We want to easily
iterate through the values of a linked list as well, and this is easy enough. Instead of an `idx` that starts
at the beginning of the array, we start with a pointer to the first node (or `sList.head`, if we are working
with an `sList` object). This pointer will ultimately run through all the nodes in our list, so we use a
convention of calling this variable `runner`. Just as idx advances by 1 until it equals `array.length`,
likewise our runner will follow each node’s `.next` pointer to the subsequent node, until it is null.

How would we compare runners to other iterators? One important aspect is that in singly linked lists
(sLists for shorthand), `.next` pointers flow in only one direction. To check whether an array is a
palindrome, we can directly compare `arr[idx]` to `arr[arr.length-idx-1]`; runners can’t do that.

We can, however, have more than one runner! In addition to our normal runner, we could have 1) a second
runner that trails by some number of nodes, or 2) a second runner that is actually a ‘walker’ – the two
runners could advance at different speeds. This is sometimes called a ‘tortoise and hare’ pattern, and is
useful in a number of situations.

Here is your challenge:

###Kth-Last Node
Given `k`, return the value that is ‘k’ nodes from the list’s end. If given `(list,1)`, return the list’s last value. If given `(list,4)`, return the value at the node that has exactly 3 nodes following it.
