##Arrays Day 1

From your work with the Basic 13 challenges, we assume that you already know how to read from numerical arrays, and that you can easily create JavaScript functions to get the minimum or maximum value, the sum of all values in the array, or the average of all values in the array. If this is not the case, definitely review those implementations before continuing to today’s challenges.

Here are the challenges for today:

###Push Front
Given array and an additional value, *insert this value* at the beginning of the array.

###Pop Front
Given array, *remove and return* the value at the beginning of the array. Do this without using any built-in array methods except `pop()`.

###Insert At
Given array, index, and additional value, insert the value into array at given index. You can think of `PushFront(arr,val)` as equivalent to `InsertAt(arr,0,val)`.

###Remove At
Given array and an index into array, remove and return the array value at that index. Do this without using built-in array methods except `pop()`. Think of `PopFront(arr)` as equivalent to `RemoveAt(arr,0)`.

###Swap Array Pairs
Swap positions of successive pairs of values of given array. If length is odd, do not change final element. For `[1,2,3,4]`, return `[2,1,4,3]`. For `[false,true,42]`, return `[true,false,42]`.

###Array Remove Duplicates
Sara is looking to hire an awesome web developer and has received applications from various sources. Her assistant alphabetized them but noticed some duplicates. Given a sorted array, remove duplicate values. Because array elements are already in order, all duplicate values will be grouped together.
